the bait lay in a dry riverbed in front
of us we waited but not for long
within half an hour there was a rustle
in the bush and there was the dragon
this was tremendously exciting for us
our first sight of this magnificent
monster the climax of four months of
arduous travel he was enormous
I reckoned about ten feet long as he
circled us flicking out his great yellow
tongue savoring the smell of the goats
flesh he looked almost as though he had
walked out of some prehistoric age there
was a noise from the direction of the
bait and another dragon this time a much
smaller young one had come to begin
investigating the bait
the big one joins him
and it begins tearing and ripping at the
goats carpets
that is the leg of a full-grown goat
that he's tugging at so you can judge
his signs for yourself
they're trying to drag them away back to
their lairs but we've tied the bait with
rope onto a stake so they have to eat it
here we were so close to him that we
could see every scale in his hoar a
black skin
now we had proof that the Dagon's were
indeed here so before they ate too much
of the bait we shouted and waved to
scare them away
you